README.md, before:

## Synopsis

TODO

## Motivation

TODO

## Git

First time clone: `git clone https://www.github.com/erooijak/zaaikalender`.

Start:
1. Get latest version: `git pull origin master`.
2. See changes: `git status`.
3. Add changes: `git add -A` (add all with -A flag, or specify specific file)
4. Commit changes: `git commit -m "Descriptive message of what you did"
5. Push to GitHub: `git push origin master` (make sure solution builds).
6. Repeat.

## Installation

TODO

## Tests

Run with NUnit.

## Contributors

Elisa, Jeroen and Erwin.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Zaaikalender DevOps team

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE

Commit message:

Update readme with installation instructions

README.md, after:

## Synopsis

TODO

## Motivation

TODO

## Git

First time clone: `git clone https://www.github.com/erooijak/zaaikalender`.

For collaborators:

 1. Get latest version: `git pull origin master`.
 2. See changes: `git status`.
 3. Add changes: `git add -A` (add all with -A flag, or specify specific file)
 4. Commit changes: `git commit -m "Descriptive message of what you did"
 5. Push to GitHub: `git push origin master` (make sure solution builds).
 6. Repeat.

## Installation

Update packages with NuGet. If you run with Monodevelop or Xamarin Studio this happens automatically.
Install PostgreSQL database.	
Run database script from /App_Data/Update_Scripts/Initial.postgresql.

## Tests

Run with NUnit.

## Contributors

Elisa, Jeroen and Erwin.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Zaaikalender DevOps team

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE
